c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\bin\Debug\GroupProject.exe.config
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\GroupProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\CreateInvoice.baml
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\EditInvoice.baml
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\SearchInvoice.baml
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\wndInventory.baml
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\wndItemInfo.baml
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\CreateInvoice.g.cs
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\EditInvoice.g.cs
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\SearchInvoice.g.cs
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\wndInventory.g.cs
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\wndItemInfo.g.cs
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\GroupProject_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\GroupProject.g.resources
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\GroupProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\GroupProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\bin\Debug\GroupProject.exe
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\bin\Debug\GroupProject.pdb
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\GroupProject.exe
c:\users\rachel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CS 3280\GroupProject\GroupProject\obj\Debug\GroupProject.pdb
